there's a thing about all of our
patterns where we tell ourselves we have
this problem but often times that's an
old story that we used to have or it's a
way that we tell ourselves and we don't
really look to see if it's true or not
we've done a lot of Rapid Fire sessions
where Joe has done rapid fire coaching
for people in our courses and recently
started doing them for the public uh and
graciously people have agreed to allow
us to record those sessions and use them
in podcasts
so so today we're going to run an
experiment uh with one of those
sessions cool so so first of all yeah I
agree thanks for everybody who's willing
to take the risk to do these rapid fire
coachings and allow themselves to be
seen in this way so publicly I think
it's I mean it's it's awesome so uh
thank you for all the people who did
that and then what do you want to do
with our time today Brett like how do
what's the experiment we're running yeah
so the experiment here is I'm going to
play the session and we're going to
pause the session and talk about it
whenever we see something CU whenever
whenever you're doing
coaching and you know a lot of times
like an epiph will happen and will be in
it emotionally with the person with you
in this process but then a million
questions come to mind about like what
was actually seen there what was the
pattern here how how did you see that
and you know what what else could we
could we uh Harvest from this in a in a
more General sense to apply it to our
own
life cool I'm I I think that's a great
idea that the one place that I would say
I want to give warning about what we're
doing and that I don't where the place I
don't want to go is I don't really want
to talk about the technique that I'm
using I'm happy to talk about the
patterns I'm happy to talk about what's
seen and how uh
and like what are the pattern like
what's going on underneath and what
we're seeing and that kind of thing and
but what I noticed is that there's
there's like a certain number of people
out there who very much want to be able
to do what I do or something like the
way that I do it not a lot of people but
some people
and my answer to them isn't don't watch
this and look for my technique that's a
horrible way to go and also somewhat
dangerous way to go what's far more
important is to
um just work on your own
self-discovery understand yourself
deeply and all everything else will come
to pass um rather
than I think what typically people do is
that they think it's like some skill to
learn and though there is some skill to
it the essence of what I'm doing can't
be done without really taking a lot of
time and looking at yourself and
experimenting and really working on your
own self-awareness so start there if you
want to do this start with your own
self-awareness and spend years and years
and years and years on that yeah yeah
beautiful and I'd also add just that
like what we're doing here is you know
this is coaching this isn't diagnosing
or treating anything mental illness
related this is just an exploration of
what someone's experience is in the
moment and the the invitation and why we
bring this to the podcast is for others
to learn from that and experiment in
their own experience not to as as as you
just said learn a new technique that
they can use on someone else this is
for uh this
is kind of fodder for your own
self-inquiry and yes uh the intention of
the conversation around the session that
we're going to have is just to help
illuminate further Paths of exploration
that's right yeah see if see if you can
see the patterns that are happening here
how they happen in
you so that's great yeah fantastic let's
do it awesome let's do it okay wait hold
on hold on hold on before we start what
are we looking at give me like a little
summary I do a lot of these so I have a
hard time remembering what are what are
we looking at yeah so the session we're
about to um about to watch is uh with a
woman who came feeling stuck she started
to feel stuck around fear of taking
risks in her life ah okay
great great all right and here we
go yeah I
feel um I feel scared to take the
actions that I want to take and um I
feel stuck because the known is more
familiar how how
long how what percentage of your life
from 20 years old till today would that
sentence be
true so so can we pause yeah so I and I
remember the conversation now so that
it's great and I really really enjoyed
this conversation it's just such an
amazing woman
um so just to
say one of the main things is that like
I and and that I don't believe any of
the stories that I tell and so I don't
to myself particularly or I haven't in a
long time and and or maybe there's some
left don't get me wrong but most of them
I don't believe and so I also don't
believe the story that somebody else
tells me in this world like of oh this
is the problem so part of what I'm
seeing is is this really the problem if
I we're looking at it she's telling me
she's
stuck um and she's here asking me a
question which tells me she's not stuck
it means that she's not only is she not
stuck because she's taking action she
might not be getting the results that
she wants but she's taking action which
means she's not stuck and she's taking a
risk by coming here and doing this all
verbally so just to say right away there
there's a thing about all of our
patterns where we tell ourselves we have
this
problem but often times that's an old
story that we used to have or it's a way
that we tell ourselves and we don't
really look to see if it's true or not
so immediately for her and I would say
for most folks who come and do something
with me immediately the question that
arises is is this really the pattern or
is this the story We Tell around the
pattern right yeah and this this is
something that you know that I've
learned through coaching as well is that
you know people show up
with exactly the the whole picture often
in the first first few sentences of the
way that they show up and this is
another way of kind of seeing how you
know if you're working in a company
oftentimes if a company or a team is
stuck it's because that the way that
they have defined the problem is
actually creating the stuckness and it
looks like that's kind of what's going
on here is it's she's brought you this
the story of how she's stuck and that
story is actually the thing that is
driving the feeling driving or at least
re recycling that feeling of stuckness
yeah so I love the question the opening
question of like well how much of your
you know life have you spent feeling
this yeah and also what's happening
there is I'm I'm saying that this is a
feeling that you might feel stuck
doesn't mean you are stuck you might
feel scared doesn't mean you're under
threat you might
feel
um sad but it it doesn't mean that it's
not love that there sadness is there
because of a love that you have so what
we feel doesn't mean that it's our
reality
okay so let's see let's see what's going
on let's continue how what percentage of
your life from 20 years old till today
would that sentence be
true I am not happy with the state of
things and I am scared to take the risk
of of going into the
unknown maybe 30 to
50 so I've taken a lot of
risk um but I still keep finding myself
in this
space this what space of being
unsatisfied with the way things are yeah
feeling stuck but um feeling so
terrified of making the next move that
it's more familiar and safer to be in
the stuck in
unhappiness oh right there I love what
she just said the recognition of that it
feels safer to be in the stuckness yeah
so all these things are happening in her
life she spends this amount of time she
says in the stuckness but that it's not
necessarily that stuckness is what's
happening it's that stuckness is where
she's going to feel
safer from all the other feelings that
are happening what what are you seeing
there yeah exactly except the only thing
I would add to that is that
we we we're safe where we're identified
so she's also telling me at this moment
she's identified as someone who doesn't
take risks if feels stuck
who's on a regular basis unsatisfied
with life so it's safe because this is
part of the identity so and she's
announcing it early on as most people do
early on in the session telling us
what's really happening for for her and
you can see I mean what there's also
like a tremendous amount of compassion
and and I just like love that I have
because I see
her really wrestling with this and
really wanting to have freedom from it
and and and she's clearly done a lot of
work to think about it and and consider
it and and she's explored herself enough
to know that she's you know this is
where she feels safe which is cool yeah
yeah so so far she's she's come with the
the story that that recreates the the
painful feelings for her and then also
that she sees the she sees the key yeah
and so now I'm curious where this goes
goes next as far as like putting the key
in
the in the hole and turning it so let's
see yeah again I I just want to point
out that you
are you just took an action of going
into the unknown and proving that you're
not
stuck how how's that by being in this
conversation yeah so my question is how
much of this stuck is a feeling and how
much of it is it
actual like are you actually stuck are
you actually taking the actions of a
stuck person or do you just think you're
stuck I'm not sure I could identify the
difference now that's interesting to me
as well there there's like a
confusion it feels like a defense to me
there's
like I'm I'm curious what you see there
but it feels I
smile yeah yeah there's some smile a
little bit of a smile she sees it yeah
but there's something she'd have to feel
to to like let that fully through let
that fully be seen right so that like my
perspective whenever I'm working with
somebody is that they have the answers
they know what's going on and I'm
following them but I'm having a
conversation with the part of them that
knows not the one that's telling the
story and so that smile tells me there's
something she knows there she sees
something
and and I'm and I'm going to want to
follow
that and it doesn't mean she's not
confused it doesn't mean everything
she's saying isn't real and I want to
take that into account but
that's but this is very typical right
when you're working with somebody what's
very typical is
that they kind of see it and they kind
of don't right if they're if they're
talking about it with me as an issue it
means that they already have more
Consciousness on it because it if they
didn't then wouldn't even know to talk
about it yeah y yeah yeah looking back
through my life here
any there's so many situations that I
felt stuck in for so
long that all of them I actually knew
the way out of it like you just said if
I knew I was stuck or if I knew I was in
a pattern I was already separated enough
from the pattern to not be identified as
it on some level that's right to see
that it is something that is not me
that's not mine that could be seen
through that's right a and it's like all
when somebody sees that they're having a
problem it's inevitable that they
will get through it it might take them a
long time but it's inevitable and
there's something that's really nice if
you find yourself in a pattern and you
realize like oh I'm in this pattern to
like it happens in my system if I I'm in
a pattern there's no question I'm going
to get to the other side of it
because if I'm I'm already halfway
through by the time I can see it I'm
halfway through it you know yeah so yeah
great okay so let's keep let's see what
happens look like a year
ago very different um I was there there
we go that would be not
stuck
um but for the last year it's sped
stuck so a lot of things in my life
changed last year and oh wait I'm with
you I'm not gonna but but you said you
so you feel stuck you just said It felt
stuck okay your looked a lot different
then then it's not actually as stuck I'm
just saying are we working on the fact
that you're stuck or are we working on
the fact that you feel
stuck I think feeling stuck yeah yeah
yeah great
and how to stuck
feel yeah I
love the the recognition there that okay
yeah it's actually the feeling that I'm
working with it's not this it's not the
condition going on in my life which
we've identified actually isn't true
because there's been so much movement
over the past year things are different
things are changing things are
evolving but yeah okay it's the feeling
of stuck and then going into that
feeling I'm curious where where this
goes now that she's with that feeling or
I think often times often times when
people are stuck it's because of a
thought pattern it's not because of
reality and another part is that it's
like there's also means like stuck is
often like stuck in your head and so
let's get into the emotion because
that's where often times if you if you
find yourself stuck often times it's
emotional movement emotional fluidity
that's going to going to actually change
something it's not figuring something
out typically so so that for anybody out
there who's listening who feels stuck
it's a great thing to know like move
some emotion see if you still feel
stuck okay let's see all
right it feels
like I'm unable to move um kind of like
I'm stuck in like a mouse trap my feet
are stuck to the ground
great I want you to feel more stuck
right now I want you to increase the
feeling of
stuckness okay
it's it feels like every time I try to
do that my body wants to spend more
energy getting out of that
feeling okay yeah one thing I love right
there is she's just pointed to the fact
that it's not actually the feeling of
stuckness it's the wanting to leave the
stuckness that is actually the the
discomfort
yes it is the I would say even more
accurately it is the stuckness like it's
you have to want to get out for you to
be
stuck yeah right oh my God I was stuck I
was stuck in heaven it sucked I wanted
to get out you know what I mean like
right like I was yeah stuck feeling
awesome I was stuck in Joy it's there's
a there's a the struggle to get out is
required for stuckness
and so to which is what we're doing
right now is like we're going against
that um against that pattern instead of
trying to get out of it let's go right
into the middle of it which is
emotionally generally for anybody in any
kind of emotional pattern trying to get
out of the emotion is not as effective
as going right into it so that's what
we're doing here all right let's see how
that goes great I want you to go even
more stuck then I want you to feel so
stuck that you can't even talk you're so
stuck you can't even describe it to me
you're so
stuck and then even more like just go
even more
stuck it feels like I'm going to
explode yeah keep
going I feel helpless
yeah one thing I want to point out there
is earlier she was describing the
feelings in terms of what it feels like
is going to happen like she just right
there transferred from feels like I'm
going to explode to it feels like
helplessness
yes which to me says that she's more
with the the raw data the raw sensation
of the feeling
than the implications of the feeling
right or
or a feeling resisted shows up as a
different feeling like resisted anger
feels very different than embraced
anger and so this is this is what's like
in her particular case what stuckness
feels like if you are not trying to get
unstuck like this is the thing that's
really at the bottom of this particular
pattern but there's no bottom exactly
but the next level
down let's see where it goes
what just happened with that it feels
like I'm G to get sucked into this black
hole and never be able to come out go in
go to the
hole so so if we can stop for a minute
I'm saying go into the hole like with
Incredible Cavalier like yeah do that
and she's like I'm never going to get
back
out kind of the the way I would the
reason that gives me such joy to be able
to say jump into that crazy scary
thing is that the thing that we're
avoiding is usually the most direct path
to our freedom the thing where you know
it's the it's the uh Luke Skywalker in
the cave it's you know it's like going
in and especially when you get into that
place it's like an abyss like oh my God
it's endless that that is our freedom
cuz what we're essentially scared of
most is deep love deep pleasure deep
freedom and so typic typically and and
when I say typically I think every
single scenario I've seen when someone
really allows themselves to fall in
there something beautiful is on the
other
side yeah and I
have like the the audience in my head is
asking a million questions right now
about like well what what could go wrong
whether whether this is somebody who's
going straight into the center of it in
the presence of a coach or if it's
somebody who's listening to this and
then goes straight into the center of
what they're feeling is alone like what
are if any like what are what are the
pitfalls here what would be something to
like how does
somebody feel comfortable knowing that
this that what they're going to feel is
going to bring them to their
freedom they're not going
to that that it's not like someone's
like okay go into this big black hole
it's not scary and you're going to have
freedom it's like go to the big black
hole because it's scary right there's no
there's like what's on the other side of
freedom is that the identity starts to
crumble the idea of I'm stuck starts
going away and if that's your safe
spot it's not safe
right
M so like I wouldn't I wouldn't give
people the answer to that I would say
let's let's jump in and find out what's
happening and you don't have to like if
you don't want to don't you're welcome
of course never to jump
in and a tit trate yeah
yeah all right let's see let's see what
happens
okay yeah and you're
smiling because when I went into the
hole Yeah suddenly there was a different
way and I just came back out again yeah
that's right that's how it
works beautiful the avoidance of the
hole is the
stuckness the
abyss now I want to pause here for a
moment as well because
on one level it looks like almost
nothing
happened and on another level something
has deeply happened here and you can see
it in her face yeah uh for those of us
who are watching this on on the
YouTube but uh yeah I just want to I
want to point to that uh what do you
what do you see there what do you see
that occurred in this moment Where She
Went she went into it and came out on
the other side it is a mix of emotions
um there's and it's going to take a
while for her to like integrate
everything um there's like a relief and
there's a sadness like I've been running
this from this thing my whole life for
no reason that's kind of below it um but
I I and and that's like kind of the
natural progression through something
like this is like there's a relief
there's a like oh my go sometimes like a
huge
laughter and then like oh this is
ridiculous like how has this been the
case and then also some sort of grief
usually needs to occur but that that'll
happen over time um in this moment right
now it's kind of just mind blown what
the [__] you know and and then the
freedom that comes with that Epiphany
it's like stepping across the electric
fence yeah being on the other side of it
and not getting shocked and being like
wait a minute I was afraid of this
exactly
exactly yeah all right let's keep
going what do I do with this what did
you just do with it
I just came out of it I went in and then
I came out of it that's how you do
it the stuckness is the resisting it's
not the
actual
Abyss hole black
hole give me a moment in your life when
that black hole wasn't
there like maybe it's way out in the
background maybe it's but like just
notice that that's like a you said I'm
dissatisfied with life often like that
tells me that big black hole Abyss is
there a
lot I like how One thing that's
happening here is
that like what like one of one of a
common pattern might be to have an
experience in a coaching session and
then isolate it to the session be like
well that was just then that was just
that one time or what do I or what do do
about it yeah right yeah yeah yeah so
there's the what do I do about it and
then there's also what I love that you
just did there was kind of
preempted that this doesn't apply to the
rest of life like you're looking through
where else in her life has this has this
been present yeah and has that escape
hatch been right
there yeah which is a that's a that's a
powerful
recognition yeah let's see what she does
with with it it's great that I can't
remember is this is like it's like I I
don't really have like I do so much of
this and so many like I don't have a
distinct memory of everything so it's
kind of like a little surprise when I'm
listening to it I'm like oh what happens
next it's
fun yeah let's see what she does with it
it's been present a lot in the last
while yeah yeah and it's your it's the
thing you're looking
for it is the way to be unstuck and
you've been avoiding it
I feel like the way I try to solve for
it is to try and create the perfect
perfect circumstances so I don't feel it
again right which keeps me in the
feeling because I don't know what those
circumstances are going to be to never
have this right instead of yay there's
the feeling that's my unstuck
place I another beautiful recognition
that she has seen this pattern like she
had that answer in her system already
about how this works
yeah yeah yeah I love I love what she's
doing like I love to watch that
integration and her bravery is awesome
yeah
yeah and continuing yeah you are
avoiding something that is your
relief you are running away from from
the thing that brings you Freedom
quickest yeah I'm wondering why I do
that it's a human
thing the more we avoid something that
moment do you see do you see that's a
moment that's something that happens
right so somebody sees their pattern
they see through it and then they beat
themselves up for having the pattern I
wonder why I do that like there's some
Wonder there but the question is why and
there's like the beginning of the self
abuse and I say to her at that moment
this is a human thing and she goes
there's nothing wrong with me I'm not
[__]
up right it's but the the reason I speak
it is because that's a pattern generally
for people is like one of the things we
do to like slow our transformation is
when we see something we have an
epiphany then we beat ourselves up for
not having it sooner or not when we were
younger or you anything like why do I do
that's horrible that I do that instead
of just like ah [__] yeah cool there's
Freedom right there yeah and on what
level was this the thing that was
keeping the pattern stuck because she
came into the session seeing the
stuckness pattern and seeing the way
that that it's a
defense and if she's not allowing
herself to actually be there because she
judges herself for it then she won't
allow herself to go into the into the
feeling into the abyss so on some level
it's it seems to me that this self-
judgment has actually been the thing
that's
been holding the whole supporting the
whole house of cards so to speak
definitely one of the one of the pillars
Yeah Yeah the more we avoid something
the scarier it
gets yeah and typically the thing that
we're avoiding is love
in the exercise the thing that we talked
about was why do I keep of why do I keep
resisting the feeling of
loneliness yeah let's do that one too
then okay feel the loneliness for a
minute like go just like jump into the
loneliness yeah no reason yeah how is
that not
love it feels like a disconnection and a
longing more than love great so go right
into the middle of the longing keep your
eyes closed go right into the middle of
the longing don't disconnect from your
longing be intimate with your
longing it's so big yeah love is really
[__]
big I'm just loving all the smiles and
laughs on her face in this this last
segment like just constant like
recognition like oh I see I see what the
game has been all along
yeah yeah
beautiful I feel and again it's the
story oh and again it's the story of
like the sensation has been run away
from because there's a story that it's
loneliness so the sensation never gets
fully investigated mhm and as soon as
it's investigat it's like it's so big
like that's the first thing she
says anyway okay yeah yeah I love that
and then the exploration of like what
actually is it cuz if it's if that
feeling is identified as loneliness then
that also
means stories like I'm alone yeah
exactly I feel it's like if I connect to
it like it might absorb me whole it
will that's what love
does it rips away our
identity it feels like if I give into
the longing I might be just like be like
a like a little baby like totally
helpless yeah that's how it works
but you don't give into it you just be
intimate with it I want
control I want control and taper this
feeling to my comfort
level great you can do that if you want
you can just like spend a little time
with the longing tomorrow you can spend
a little more time with the longing the
next day you can paper if you'd like
okay there's no problem with
that this part also looks like another
important piece for once somebody's had
experience like this a recognition like
this to to not go into self attack about
it later to be given to give themselves
permission to give ourselves permission
to be like yeah sometimes I don't want
to be in the abyss sometimes I want to
avoid to resist the abyss sometimes I'm
just going to do that and that's as you
said earlier a totally human thing yeah
and exactly and it's okay to want to
have some control or feel a sense of
control over it it's natural yeah and we
don't have any control over it but yes
it's natural to want that yeah I I mean
the thing is it's like you can either be
fighting with yourself or not be
fighting with yourself and it's like you
can taper no problem like just like or
you can fight with yourself you know
what I mean like it's just like let
the we don't need an idea of how we
should be we can be good with who we
are
yeah let's see what happens I think
we're close to the end if I recall
correctly you don't get to control love
that's not how it works you just get to
you just get to be heartbroken from time
to
time increasing your capacity to
love yeah
what a pleasure to work with you thank
you Joe you're so welcome thanks for
coming
up yeah all right yep that was it that
was fun yeah I have no idea if this will
actually make a good podcast episode but
it was really fun to to do it yeah find
out let's see how let's see how it goes
uh I'm going to rely on our listeners to
tell us what they think about this
episode should we do more of these
should we less of them what do you want
y can tell us you can tell us on Twitter
at Art of a comp or Fu Joe Hudson if you
want it and what else what else should
we or is there another place they can
tell
us they can email us at podcast artof
accomplishment. comom yeah um or just
hit up our website and use the contact
form all right
yeah or if you're on Circle and you've
taken one of our courses you can always
DM us there too that's
right all right all right well that was
Funk everybody thank you thank you thank
you to Our Guest who will will leave
unnamed for for privacy purposes but you
know who you are thank you so much this
was really really amaz work yeah I
really hope also if you're if you end up
watching this please let us know how
this was for you to like have this
analysis of your session and I really
want to make sure that this is something
that's really helpful for the people
that we do this with so please let us
know and I want to make sure that it's
something that's beneficial for
everybody yeah all right all right thank
you everybody all right take care by
till next time